feat: Initial commit of CIS module (#349)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis: modules/dns/README.md

# CIS DNS Module

> This module is used to create and manage CIS DNS Records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is used to create and manage IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS) DNS records.
```

Author: Updated

> **Note:**
> 
> 1. For SRV record, you need to provide record name repeatedly as shown in the below example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the SRV record name in both the main and data objects, as shown in the following example.
```

Can you be specific as I've tried here? Where do they need to include the name?

Author: It has been eliminated.

>     ```

Reviewer: Because this is no longer under a list item, you can remove the indentation on the example.

Author: done

    {
        type = "SRV"
        ttl  = 900
        name = "test-example.srv"
        data = {
            name     = "test-example.srv"
            port     = 1
            priority = 1
            proto    = "_udp"
            service  = "_sip"
            target   = "domain.com"
            weight   = 1
        }
        }
    ```

> 2. Though SRV record name is provided in the variable, it gets stored as `_service._proto.record_name.domain_name TTL class type of record priority weight port target` More information is available [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/dns/dns-records/dns-srv-record/). Hence, when `terraform plan` is run after a successful `terraform apply`, you will receive the following message but your infrastructure will remain intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the SRV record name is provided in the variable, it is stored as `_service._proto.record_name.domain_name TTL class type of record priority weight port target`. For more information, see  [What is a DNS SRV record?](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/dns/dns-records/dns-srv-record/). 

The changed name means that when you run a `terraform plan` command after a successful `terraform apply`, the output shows that the DNS record is updated, as shown in the following example. . However, your infrastructure will not be affected.
```

Check if my version is accurate.

>     ```

Reviewer: Because this is no longer under a list item, you can remove the indentation on the example.
